Hello I'm Adam Hinckley, I live in Boise, Idaho.

Three words that describe me are: Father, Curious, and Efficent

My favorite thing to do is be in the mountains, hiking, camping etc
Thats why I mived to Idaho from Dallas TX earlier this year.

Aditionally, I'm creating a blog to document my experience going
through Lambda school.  I've written three pices so far.

Here's what I wrote last night:

title: Make sure you have support

If you are single and have no kids, you can stop reading now as
this will not relate to you, except for the golden nugget at the 
end.

For the next six months, I’ll be camping out at the computer making 
no money for 8+ hours a day, five days a week, and spending the rest 
of my waking hours making a living to keep the bills paid.  On top 
of that, my wife Jodi is a Domestic Engineer with no income and we 
have four kids ranging from four months to nine years 
old. . .aaaannnnd we homeschool.  This is a recipe for disaster 
without intentional planning and setting expectations early.  
Jodi is basically a single mom and teacher because I literally 
have to spend 95% of my time between Lambda and working my 
insurance business.  One of the reasons I am doing this career 
change, I’ll get to the real WHY in another post, is because I 
need to make more money.  A pile of extra money in the bank is 
not a luxury I get to enjoy while I study for the next six months.

Jodi and I talked in depth about the sacrifice it would take before 
I enrolled, and I not only have 100% support from her, she’s 
cheering me on.  If I had to spend emotional energy dealing with 
nagging and complaining about why I’m barely available, and why 
we have to be so limited in our budget right now, I don’t think 
I’d be able to make it through.

The program is 30 weeks, or about six months months factoring in 
holiday breaks during this cohort.  That could seem like an 
eternity for anyone that homeschools three kids, while taking 
care of a four month old, and gets little relief until the kids 
are in bed for the night.   My wife is a saint and I couldn’t 
do this without her backing me. She is definitely working much 
harder than I am while I sit in my cozy chair at my desk.

I know everyone’s situation is different, Even if you are single 
and have nobody to take care of other than yourself, you still 
need someone in your corner cheering you on.  If you sign up for 
Lambda, odds are you will be challenged to the point of wanting 
to give up.  Lambda has amazing help and support, but in those 
critical moments where you are mentally exhausted and a friend 
or family member is listening to you share your struggle, they 
better be someone that will tell you to snap out of it, rather 
than the misery-loves-company friend that will justify quitting.
Make that connection with someone you trust and make sure they
know it’s their job to be there to encourage you when times 
get tough.  You will need it.

--------------------------------------------------------------

Blog isn't live yet.  Message me if you want a link to it when I
have it up and running.
