First name Dave. Last name Vazquez.

Three words:      Tall, dark, handsome.

Hobbies:          Besides coding, I watch a lot of YouTube/Netflix and am on Reddit quite a bit.
                  
                  I play boardgames at work, Settlers of Catan, Sheriff of Nottingham, etc. and, 
                  I've been playing guitar on and off since I was in high-school.
                
                  I also follow politics/current events as much as I can, but I wouldn't describe 
                  myself as particularly politically astute - more politically interested.

About:            I currently work as a Purchasing Agent/Buyer which can be a very demanding, high-stress 
                  job. But, it's also taught me a lot about time-management, organization, effective 
                  communication, problem-solving and a whole host of translatable life/work skills.
                
                  I'm also very involved in the training of new hires at my company which I really enjoy,
                  It's also the sole aspect of my job that brings me the most joy and brings out 
		  the the best qualities in myself: patience, kindness, and sensitivity to the needs of 
		  other people.
                  
                  I am most happy at work when I'm sitting with a new hire, helping them the understand
                  the various different work-flows, how to use our purchasing software, and the wider, complex 
                  nature of industrial procurement.
                  
                  I'm least happy when I'm yelling at a supplier for shipping materials a week late, 
                  to the wrong address and I have to figure out how to get it re-routed to the plant 
                  before my customer's production-line shuts down. 
                  
                  I truly look forward to the day though when the only thing I'm yelling at is my computer monitor.

Coding:           I first got into coding from just taking Intro to Programming classes at College. I eventually 
                  graduated cum laude with a B.S. in Computer Science. 
                  
                  After a few years of trying to figure what to apply my new skills to, I discovered 
                  Web Development. And after teaching myself for a year and building one of my first 
                  applications, I decided web-dev is what I wanted to pursue as a career and I haven't 
                  looked back since.


Branch Challenge: 

Alternate Three Words: short, light, and uhh.. not-handsome.

Alternate Hobbies:     Competetive Rowing.     


                                  



                
