HONOR GUARD

Riding in a Chevy Tahoe is not always terrifying. But when your driver is a twenty-year-old
recently returned from military service in Iraq, the experience can be pretty intense. Specialist Matthews
was swerving through dense traffic on Interstate 90, braking hard to avoid collisions, then slamming the
accelerator again. His reckless behavior was influenced by driving humvees in a war zone, and his
concern that we may arrive late to the cemetery.

We were supposed to be there before the funeral procession. When the drivers approached they
would see two soldiers wearing dress blue uniforms waiting by the roadside. We would snap to attention
and salute the deceased veteran as the hearse slowed to a stop. A third soldier would be stationed a polite
distance from the gravesite with a silver bugle. The bugle was real, but hidden inside was an electronic
speaker that played a prerecorded version of “Taps.” The best performers would fake their inhalations to
mimic the phrasing of the melody.

Specialist Matthews continued cursing and grumbling, frustrated because the previous funeral had
started later than scheduled. He knew there was no way we’d make it to the next one on time. I sat in the
back, unable to watch the road when SPC Matthews was driving. Sergeant Kinsey rode shotgun, calmed
by his sense of humor. He kept encouraging Matthews to drive faster. He was joking, but Matthews didn’t
know that.

When we arrived, the veteran’s family was assembling around the gravesite. Specialist Matthews
took the bugle. Sergeant Kinsey and I walked toward the gathered crowd as quickly and respectfully as
possible. We stood at attention behind the casket, which was overlain with a crisp American flag.

I could hear sniffles and sobbing. The pastor gestured wildly, accusing the deceased of being an
“alcoholic parasite.” The pastor was the veteran’s brother. He blamed his sibling for many things which
hurt their family. I glanced over at Sergeant Kinsey, both of us wide eyed as we listened to the passionate
scolding.

Most veterans serve short contracts in the army, quietly live the rest of their lives, and die in their
own due time. Their funerals are solemn. Mundane. Sometimes I’d work five services per day. There was
rarely an opportunity to learn anything about the people I was honoring. But this was different. Suddenly
the duty I had performed so many times before took on meaning. I felt a deep need to return respect and
dignity to this man, whose memory was being torn down by the harsh words of his unforgiving brother.

After the pastor struggled through the traditional prayers, there was a brief moment of silence
before Sergeant Kinsey and I raised our final salute. Specialist Matthews brought the bugle to his lips.
The slow melody of “Taps” sounded across the cemetery. When silence returned, Sergeant Kinsey and I
lowered our salute and proceeded to fold the flag. I clutched the stiff triangle, executed a right face, and
approached the next-of-kin. I knelt down, offered the flag to her, recited the speech I had memorized and
delivered countless times. The last words spoken at this veteran’s funeral.

“Ma’am, this flag is presented on behalf of a grateful nation, as an expression of appreciation, for the
honorable, and faithful service rendered by your loved one.”